docs: add angular ui section to file management (#57)
abpio/abp-commercial-docs: en/modules/file-management.md

> After adding packages, you need to run `yarn` and `gulp` cli actions for your `Web` project.

#### Angular UI

> For user interface, we also provide an Angular module. 
> 
> You can install it to your project by running `yarn add @volo/abp.ng.file-management` or `npm install @volo/abp.ng.file-management`
> 
> For detailed information about how to set it up and running with your angular project, you can visit [Feature Libraries](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/UI/Angular/Feature-Libraries) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For user interface, an Angular module called `FileManagementModule` is included in the `@volo/abp.ng.file-management` library.

Please visit [document on feature libraries](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/UI/Angular/Feature-Libraries) to learn how you can install and set it up in your Angular application.
```
